adding the reference to moonguard and krater #71 (#72)
taecontrol/larvis: README.md

# Introduction - Getting to Know Larvis

Larvis is a PHP package for Laravel that allows a Laravel app to send and report information to Moonguard or Krater.

Currently, you can use Larvis in the following scenarios:

- To report exceptions from your application to Moonguard (ideal for production sites that require tracking).

> What is MoonGuard?

Reviewer: Use heading

## What is MoonGuard?

> - Moonguard is an open source Filament plugin that aims to provide utilities to monitor your Laravel apps in production.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MoonGuard is an open source Filament plugin that aims to provide utilities to monitor your Laravel apps in production.

```

- MoonGuard helps you track important features like SSL certificates status, uptime, and exceptions on your applications.

for more information visit the site official [MoonGuard]( https://moonguard.dev/).

> 💡 **Important:** This version is compatible only with MoonGuard 1.0.0.

- To report and send messages, exceptions, database queries, and HTTP requests from a Laravel application to Krater (ideal for a development environment where different information needs to be debugged).

> What is Krater?

Reviewer: Use heading 

## What is Krater?

> - Krater is a debugging application for Laravel that helps you solve problems related to exceptions, queries and requests.
> 
> - With its intuitive interface it simplifies the debugging process and improves the efficiency of application development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Krater is a desktop application for debugging Laravel apps, it provides an intuitive and friendly interface to debug exceptions, queries, requests and more.
```
